Sync disconnection-related docs with changes in lit/#2034 (#436)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/templates/custom-directives.md

Here, the rendered template shows "Waiting for promise to resolve," followed by the resolved value of the promise, whenever it resolves.

Async directives often need to subscribe to external resources. To prevent memory leaks async directives should unsubscribe or dispose of resources when the directive instance is no longer in use.  For this purpose, `AsyncDirective` provides the following extra lifecycle callbacks and API:

* `disconnected()`: Called when a directive is no longer in use.  Directive instances are disconnected in three cases:
  - When the DOM tree the directive is contained in is removed from the DOM
  - When the directive's host element is disconnected
  - When the expression that produced the directive no longer resolves to the same directive.

>   After a directive receives a `disconnected` callback, it should release all resources it may have subscribed to during `update` or `render` to prevent memory leaks.

Reviewer: Looks like there's a formatting issue with the last sentence. It's combined into the previous bullet.

Author: Fixed

Here, the rendered template shows "Waiting for promise to resolve," followed by the resolved value of the promise, whenever it resolves.

Async directives often need to subscribe to external resources. To prevent memory leaks async directives should unsubscribe or dispose of resources when the directive instance is no longer in use.  For this purpose, `AsyncDirective` provides the following extra lifecycle callbacks and API:

> * `disconnected()`: Called when a directive is no longer in use.  Directive instances are disconnected when the value of a given expression no longer resolves to the same directive, or if the subtree the directive was contained in was removed from the DOM. After a directive receives a `disconnected` callback, it should release all resources it may have subscribed to during `update` or `render` to prevent memory leaks.

Reviewer: I'd mention host element disconnection, and since there are three items a list might be more readable. I'd order the list with the more common causes of disconnection first (subtree removal, element disconnection, resolved directive). Use consistent tense:

```suggestion
* `disconnected()`: Called when a directive is no longer in use.  Directive instances are disconnected in three cases:
  - When the DOM tree the directive is contained in is removed from the DOM
  - When the directive's host element is disconnected
  - When the expression that produced the directive no longer resolves to the same directive.
  After a directive receives a `disconnected` callback, it should release all resources it may have subscribed to during `update` or `render` to prevent memory leaks.
```

Reviewer: I would also update the reconnected section to mention host element re-connection.

* `reconnected()`: Because DOM subtrees can be temporarily disconnected and then reconnected again later (for example, when DOM is moved or cached for later use) a disconnected directive may need to react to being re-connected. So the `reconnected()` callback should always be implemented alongside `disconnected()`, in order to restore a disconnected directive back to its working state.

* `isConnected`: Reflects the current connection state of the directive.

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Note that it is possible for an `AsyncDirective` to continue receiving updates while it is disconnected if its containing tree is re-rendered. As such, `update` and/or `render` should always check the `this.isConnected` flag before subscribing to any long-held resources to prevent memory leaks.

Reviewer: I think you don't need the "As such"?

  - When the expression that produced the directive no longer resolves to the same directive.
  After a directive receives a `disconnected` callback, it should release all resources it may have subscribed to during `update` or `render` to prevent memory leaks.

* `reconnected()`: Called when a previously disconnected directive is being returned to use. Because DOM subtrees can be temporarily disconnected and then reconnected again later, a disconnected directive may need to react to being reconnected. Examples of this include when DOM is removed and cached for later use, or when a host element is moved causing a disconnection and reconnection. The `reconnected()` callback should always be implemented alongside `disconnected()`, in order to restore a disconnected directive back to its working state.

* `isConnected`: Reflects the current connection state of the directive.

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Note that it is possible for an `AsyncDirective` to continue receiving updates while it is disconnected if its containing tree is re-rendered. Bacause of this, `update` and/or `render` should always check the `this.isConnected` flag before subscribing to any long-held resources to prevent memory leaks.

Reviewer: Typo in "Bacause", but I think you can lose this too. Just say "`update` and/or `render` should always check the `this.isConnected` flag..." Not sure @arthurevans preference on streamlining the style this way...

Author: Seemed abrupt to not connect the two sentences. When I read it without a connecting clause, it's not obvious the 2nd follows from the first.
